Clarify dbt_cloud.yml project updates (#9521)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/guides/fusion-platform-local-workflow.md

The dbt VS Code extension runs <Constant name="fusion" /> and its language server in a local process and connects directly to your warehouse. For this reason, you need a `profiles.yml` for local extension development sessions.

Download your [`dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml) from your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Account settings** and <Constant name="fusion" /> attempts to hydrate non-sensitive credential metadata from <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> automatically. 

> If you get access to a new project, re-download the `dbt_cloud.yml ` file before working on it locally. To switch between projects already listed in your file, update [`context.active-project`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml#update-or-switch-projects). To avoid manually recreating your warehouse configuration, use `dbt init`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get access to a new project, re-download the `dbt_cloud.yml` file before working on it locally. To switch between projects already listed in your file, update [`context.active-project`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml#update-or-switch-projects). To avoid manually recreating your warehouse configuration, use `dbt init`.
```

The dbt VS Code extension runs <Constant name="fusion" /> and its language server in a local process and connects directly to your warehouse. For this reason, you need a `profiles.yml` for local extension development sessions.

> Download your [`dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml) from your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Account settings** and <Constant name="fusion" /> attempts to hydrate non-sensitive credential metadata from <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> automatically. If you get access to a new project, [re-download `dbt_cloud.yml` or update `context.active-project`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml#update-or-switch-projects) before working on that project locally. To avoid manually recreating your warehouse configuration, use `dbt init`.

Reviewer: Hiya Mirna

Small wording query on the new sentence in the VS Code extension section - "If you get access to a new project, re-download `dbt_cloud.yml` or update `context.active-project` before working on that project locally"

The new **Update or switch projects** section on the reference page treats these as two different cases:
- **New project access** → re-download `dbt_cloud.yml`
- **Switch projects** → update `context.active-project`

The field reference also says `context.active-project` must match a `project-id` **already listed under `projects`**. So for a newly granted project, updating `active-project` alone might not work until that project is in the file (typically via re-download). Also the "or" makes it sound like both are valid for new access. Suggest scoping `context.active-project` to switching only, e.g.:

Maybe something like - "If you get access to a new project, re-download `dbt_cloud.yml` before working on it locally. To switch between projects already listed in your file, update `context.active-project` instead".

Or link to the reference section and let that page carry the distinction.

> Download your [`dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml) from your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Account settings** and <Constant name="fusion" /> attempts to hydrate non-sensitive credential metadata from <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> automatically. If you get access to a new project, [re-download `dbt_cloud.yml` or update `context.active-project`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml#update-or-switch-projects) before working on that project locally. To avoid manually recreating your warehouse configuration, use `dbt init`.

Author: ```suggestion
Download your [`dbt_cloud.yml`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml) from your <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> **Account settings** and <Constant name="fusion" /> attempts to hydrate non-sensitive credential metadata from <Constant name="dbt_platform" /> automatically. 

If you get access to a new project, re-download the `dbt_cloud.yml ` file before working on it locally. To switch between projects already listed in your file, update [`context.active-project`](/reference/dbt_cloud.yml#update-or-switch-projects). To avoid manually recreating your warehouse configuration, use `dbt init`.
```
